docs/LyokoPlugin/introduction.md, before:

#LyokoPlugin Introduction
Welcome plugin developer.

In this introduction we'll go over some rules we need to call a plugin LAPI-Compliant.<br>
If you think your plugin conforms to all these rules, you can apply to get verified and appear on our list!

#Creating your Plugin
To create your plugin, you will need the LyokoAPI.dll and reference to it in your project.<br>
How to do this depends on your IDE, but a short Google search will help you.

You must declare one class that extends the LyokoPlugin class.<br>
This will be recognized by the Application as your plugin.

##OnEnable()
This is the method that will 'start' your plugin.<br>
In it, you should initialize all the variables you wish to use,
and register your listeners.<br>
(see [EventSummary](../LyokoAPI/Events/EventSummary.md) for more info)
If something went wrong during the starting process, return false.<br>
**If you return false in OnEnable(), the PluginLoader will try to run OnDisable(), please make sure that this works properly.**

##OnDisable()
This is the method that will 'stop' your plugin.<br>
It wont, however, be 'deleted'.<br>
**Make sure to disable all listeners in your onDisable()**<br>
Just like with the OnEnable(), return false if something goes wrong.

##OnGameStart()
*Note: This method assumes the Application has a concept of a game/game-session. If it doesn't, just leave it empty.*<br>
**Do not throw an UnImplementedException.**<br>
This method is called when a game session starts.<br>
It also passes a boolean StoryMode, that tells you whether or not the session is in a story mode or similar. It's intended to prevent 'cheating' or otherwise breaking immersion. <br>
Please disable your plugin if it could break the story somehow, using ``this.Disable()``.

##OnGameEnd()
*Note: This also assumes the existence of game-sessions, see above.*<br>
This method is called when a game session ends.<br>
It also passes a boolean that tells you wether or not the user lost the game.<br>
This method is particularly useful if you disabled your game because of Story Mode (see above).

#Debugging your Plugin
If you want to log something for debug purposes, or for error handling,
you can use LyokoLogger.<br>
It works much like an event.

You can log something by calling
```csharp
LyokoLogger.Log("YourpluginName","yourmessage");
```
It will appear in the log as "[PluginName] message".<br>
You can find a plugin that logs these messages to a Command Console window in the plugin list.

However, if you want to make your own logging plugin, you can do so by subscribe to it with:<br>
``LyokoLogger.Subscribe(method)``, it takes a ``void Method(string message)``.
<br>See [EventSummary](../LyokoAPI/Events/EventSummary.md) for more info.

Commit message:

Added link to tutorial and added framework version

docs/LyokoPlugin/introduction.md, after:

#LyokoPlugin Introduction
Welcome plugin developer.

In this introduction we'll go over some rules we need to call a plugin LAPI-Compliant.<br>
If you think your plugin conforms to all these rules, you can apply to get verified and appear on our list!

#Creating your Plugin
To create your plugin, you will need the LyokoAPI.dll and reference to it in your project.<br>
Your plugin must be a class library that is compatible with .NET Framework 3.5<br>
How to do this depends on your IDE, but a short Google search will help you.

You must declare one class that extends the LyokoPlugin class.<br>
This will be recognized by the Application as your plugin.

**see [the Tutorial](Your\ First\ Plugin.md) for a good example**

##OnEnable()
This is the method that will 'start' your plugin.<br>
In it, you should initialize all the variables you wish to use,
and register your listeners.<br>
(see [EventSummary](../LyokoAPI/Events/EventSummary.md) for more info)
If something went wrong during the starting process, return false.<br>
**If you return false in OnEnable(), the PluginLoader will try to run OnDisable(), please make sure that this works properly.**

##OnDisable()
This is the method that will 'stop' your plugin.<br>
It wont, however, be 'deleted'.<br>
**Make sure to disable all listeners in your onDisable()**<br>
Just like with the OnEnable(), return false if something goes wrong.

##OnGameStart()
*Note: This method assumes the Application has a concept of a game/game-session. If it doesn't, just leave it empty.*<br>
**Do not throw an UnImplementedException.**<br>
This method is called when a game session starts.<br>
It also passes a boolean StoryMode, that tells you whether or not the session is in a story mode or similar. It's intended to prevent 'cheating' or otherwise breaking immersion. <br>
Please disable your plugin if it could break the story somehow, using ``this.Disable()``.

##OnGameEnd()
*Note: This also assumes the existence of game-sessions, see above.*<br>
This method is called when a game session ends.<br>
It also passes a boolean that tells you wether or not the user lost the game.<br>
This method is particularly useful if you disabled your game because of Story Mode (see above).

#Debugging your Plugin
If you want to log something for debug purposes, or for error handling,
you can use LyokoLogger.<br>
It works much like an event.

You can log something by calling
```csharp
LyokoLogger.Log("YourpluginName","yourmessage");
```
It will appear in the log as "[PluginName] message".<br>
You can find a plugin that logs these messages to a Command Console window in the plugin list.

However, if you want to make your own logging plugin, you can do so by subscribe to it with:<br>
``LyokoLogger.Subscribe(method)``, it takes a ``void Method(string message)``.
<br>See [EventSummary](../LyokoAPI/Events/EventSummary.md) for more info.
