docs/LyokoPlugin/Verified Plugins.md, before:

#Introduction
This list contains plugins that have been verified as LAPI-Compliant.<br>
That means that they follow the rules we have set, and that they don't contain malicious code.<br>
Even if your plugin complies to the rules we have set,<br>
LAPI Developers hold all rights to deny a Plugin to be added to Plugin List<br>

Do verify if the version of the plugin you're downloading is in the range of supported versions, for we've only checked those.<br>

Regardless, we don't take any responsibility if it breaks.<br>

#Pluginlist
---
##[Lyoko Logger Plugin](https://github.com/LyokoAPI/LyokoLoggerPlugin)
This plugin will open a command console and log messages from LyokoAPI.<br>
It will also write these to a file. You can see which file it logs to on the title of the window.<br>
**This plugin is recommended for Plugin developers, not for Plugin users**

###Versions
All versions, LyokoLogger is developed by the LAPI Devs.<br>

---
##[Ten's Superscanner](https://github.com/TenDRILLL/TenSuperscan)
This is a basic superscan plugin that outputs any LAPI events it detects to LyokoLogger plugin.<br>
Not really useful to Plugin users, and is rather aimed for developers to see if their events work.

###Versions
The plugin will be maintained to work with the most recent version.<br>

---
##[LyokoAPP](https://github.com/KaruzoDEV/LyokoAPP)
It's a project designed for LAPI - Phone interaction. Right now it sends push notifications of different game events.<br>
It requires an app and the plugin itself, both included in the releases in GitHub.

###Versions
Latest verified version is LyokoAPP v0.2<br>
Currently supports LyokoAPI v1.1.0<br>
The plugin will be maintained to work with the most recent version.<br>

###Files SHA-256
LyokoAPP_Plugin.dll: `c601e4e42ee6dbc6e88fd37277f2fe95247619ac6505f875c919c365a1755868`<br>
LyokoAPP.apk: `18a43c0007eb6b8fdecd4909ee80cb62aa8a732ab148645fb02d04d914e1e6f8`<br>

###Virus scans
LyokoAPP_Plugin.dll: [Click here for the plugin's virus scan.](https://www.virustotal.com/#/file/c601e4e42ee6dbc6e88fd37277f2fe95247619ac6505f875c919c365a1755868/detection)<br>
LyokoAPP.apk: [Click here for the app's virus scan.](https://www.virustotal.com/#/file/18a43c0007eb6b8fdecd4909ee80cb62aa8a732ab148645fb02d04d914e1e6f8/detection) *(Note: 1 false positive on the LyokoAPP.apk virus scan.)*<br>

---

Commit message:

Updated Verified Plugins with info about native plugins

docs/LyokoPlugin/Verified Plugins.md, after:

#Introduction
This list contains plugins that have been verified as LAPI-Compliant.<br>
That means that they follow the rules we have set, and that they don't contain malicious code.<br>
Even if your plugin complies to the rules we have set,<br>
LAPI Developers hold all rights to deny a Plugin to be added to Plugin List<br>

Do verify if the version of the plugin you're downloading is in the range of supported versions, for we've only checked those.<br>

Regardless, we don't take any responsibility if it breaks.<br>

#Pluginlist
---
##[Lyoko Logger Plugin](https://github.com/LyokoAPI/LyokoLoggerPlugin)
This plugin will open a command console and log messages from LyokoAPI.<br>
It will also write these to a file. You can see which file it logs to on the title of the window.<br>
**This plugin is recommended for Plugin developers, not for Plugin users**

###Versions
Currently supports LyokoAPI V1.1.0<br>
Support for LyokoAPI V2.0.0 can be obtained from the V2 branch if built from source.

*note: this plugin is developed by the LAPI dev team*
---
##[Ten's Superscanner](https://github.com/TenDRILLL/TenSuperscan)
This is a basic superscan plugin that outputs any LAPI events it detects to LyokoLogger plugin.<br>
Not really useful to Plugin users, and is rather aimed for developers to see if their events work.

###Versions
Currently supports LyokoAPI v1.1.0, possibly lower.<br>

*note: this plugin is developed by the LAPI dev team*
---
##[LyokoAPP](https://github.com/KaruzoDEV/LyokoAPP)
It's a project designed for LAPI - Phone interaction. Right now it sends push notifications of different game events.<br>
It requires an app and the plugin itself, both included in the releases in GitHub.

###Versions
Latest verified version is LyokoAPP v0.2<br>
Currently supports LyokoAPI v1.1.0<br>
The plugin will be maintained to work with the most recent version.<br>

###Files SHA-256
LyokoAPP_Plugin.dll: `c601e4e42ee6dbc6e88fd37277f2fe95247619ac6505f875c919c365a1755868`<br>
LyokoAPP.apk: `18a43c0007eb6b8fdecd4909ee80cb62aa8a732ab148645fb02d04d914e1e6f8`<br>

###Virus scans
LyokoAPP_Plugin.dll: [Click here for the plugin's virus scan.](https://www.virustotal.com/#/file/c601e4e42ee6dbc6e88fd37277f2fe95247619ac6505f875c919c365a1755868/detection)<br>
LyokoAPP.apk: [Click here for the app's virus scan.](https://www.virustotal.com/#/file/18a43c0007eb6b8fdecd4909ee80cb62aa8a732ab148645fb02d04d914e1e6f8/detection) *(Note: 1 false positive on the LyokoAPP.apk virus scan.)*<br>

---
